I
Last one and then I'll take a break
Why'd he go and tell him that
Now dear you know your face is gonna freeze like that if you don't stop it
and
It's not nice to glare even at enemies
Yes, the how'd we end up here when all we did was go out and eat face
Well, sometimes things happen just think of this as a last-minute job
But to be fair you jumped right into that hole on your own
Not that you needed any coaxing what with how worried you've been about Ruto
Right sorry sorry wasn't trying to embarrass you
Hmm
Now ain't y'all sweet hmm that your kid
Not by blood just in every other way that counts
So hey you mind telling us how to get out of here. I want to get home before sundown
That's around when deer starts to tuck her out
Dear huh mind if I call you dear?
Or how about little dearie?
I
I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to get out of here without you
Alright, dear it is you know eventually that bratty streaks gonna stop being cute
How old is he he's 10 at his birthday last month happy birthday?
On what day on the 17th?
September 17th hey no lie mine's on September the 19th
Added another candle to your cake too, huh? Well that just makes me feel like an ancient fire hazard
an antique
We sound like two antiques chewing the fat
Hey, you don't laugh at that. You're not old enough
So what's your story? It doesn't seem like you're interested at all in fighting makes me think that you never intended to
Bundh us, huh?
That's my name. You're gonna share yours then
Just call me, bro
What's happening here?
Well, bro, struggled for you so if I call you c Святия, I'm not gonna be ready to go to the gym, okay? Just talk to me, bro.ito se praڨ..! fantasto cuando 있는데?
My long story short is that I'm here on Zodal's orders.
Though you're right in that I'm not feeling hostile right now.
See, violence can't get me everything I'm after.
Okay. Are you saying that we can skip the fight if we help you out?
Yes and no.
Beating you two will get me one thing, so I'll settle for that if I have to.
Huh.
Huh?
What I want is simple.
Information.
If you can tell me what it is I want to know,
I'll tell you what happens if y'all lose today.
I'd say that's...
That's fair.
So, first question.
Arca Corvus.
The man you call Boss.
Who is he?
Boss.
Boss Hm...
Arm...
Arm....
Grammy Award nomination?
No...
He stole my day from me!
It'll be fine.
I will not give up on you.
Because in fact, he axed me and beat me.
Do you understand?
Well, we're up against two chosen enemy and you're fighting him.
I sense that you have the courage to take a case against me.
Let's put you out of the game.
So have I!
If T Salt gives me credit?
You'll be fine.
You can tell T Salt's talking nonsense.
Is that what T Salt does?
Bitch Lelais!
I'll be back...
closet!
Oh!
Because flowers bloom in the same place
Let's riot
Get back, get trashed
Let's stop and hope
Let's cross cross
We'll be swimming up
From the top of the mountain
So laugh
Lose, get strong
Cut the lies
Heart will grow
The one who will be the one to run
Who is it? Who is it?
Who was it?
No matter what
This ideal is impossible
No matter who says it
Let's make it happen
Boss
Please don't speak that word in here
Especially when you're in the middle of the night
Please don't speak that word in here Especially when you're in the middle of the night
Especially when you're directing it towards me
I'll call you what you are when I need to
Some of our people are missing
Four members of Akita, three members of Childe and Ruto
Gris saw it go down
He said they got snatched by the Raider with the Warping Manhole
He wants to put a team together and go after them
So what now, boss?
And where is your choker?
I wouldn't have to barge in here if you just wore the damn thing
Alright then
Seven, you please round up all who are free
I'll ask my guy where to send them
Don't worry
He's a great information broker
I'll ask my guy where to send them
I'm not sure I really understand
Who is he? What's that even mean?
Exactly what you'd expect
If that's too broad a question, I can be more specific
Hold up, it's not about the question
You're clearly just fishing for some secret info about the Cleaners
I'm not going to tell you something just so you can use it against us
I think we've got a misunderstanding
I'm a strict individualist
And I'm not going to let you do what you want me to do
I'm curious by nature
So when I say my questions are strictly for my own sake
I mean it
You can report it back to your people
But the other raiders will hear nary a word of this
This is a conversation between equals
And that's it
You can keep quiet if you don't believe me
But I'm staying put until you answer
Keeping you trapped here
Till it's time for betty bye that is
Ummm
Alright
But you can't complain about the answers
Well
What is Corvus's favorite food?
Uhh
Oh
It's umm
Uhh
I don't know
Sweet stuff?
Alright
So
Let's get back
Right
My
Oh
I just didn't answer any of his questions, but he keeps asking about the stupidest most mundane stuff and it's throwing me off my game. Oh
No dears guys I'm so done with this face on
I've got to do something fast. We're gonna have that girl on his face forever
I
Crushed on all sides
Just like always
Right, that's enough play of me won't get your home any faster. Listen, man. I really don't have answers
It's my turn to share anyway
If we win today our intentions are to serve you all up to one of our trash beasts
Not sure if you know what we've been up to but we've had some success in cultivating trash beasts
Dear you hearing this guy
He's crazy
He told us something huge
without expecting anything in return
Bro, I'm just keeping up my end. I shared something that's equal to what you shared with me
Before today your boss was a mystery, but now I know he's got a sweet tooth
Suddenly he's not just an idea anymore and I can see him for the man. He is a
Man who's mastered hiding his true self even from those he calls his people
Come on, man. You know you can go mask off with me
I mean you're just like me
right, bro
You see the thing is it's been too long punching above my own weight, you know
I can't even catch any decent smoke with normies no more unless I hold back on them
There's nothing better than going all out just fighting fighting and fighting and fighting all paying no victory
That's when I feel most alive
You feel me, right? You're not gonna go dashing hopes on me, right?
You're gonna beat my ass black blue and bloody just like the boss man, right?
Oh
Fresh out all over my couch man
Leaders Raiders, I could care less
No more playing no more. I
Show me that monster you got tucked away
Well, I'm a lot of ideas
I'm a lot of ideas
The sphere is a place of thoughtless excess you can tell from the trash it rains down on us
Living creatures are such peculiar things
We twist themselves into different shapes so they can better fit into the environment around them
The evidence for this is clear you can find the old shapes of creatures never seen on the ground amongst the fallen refuse
humans also adapt
To fit into our environments. We've created different kinds of humanity. I
Am a groundling you are a sphere, right?
You and I are not the same
So how is it I find my rage in your eyes?
you and I are not the same
You and I are not the same
Jabber said something interesting according to him you and I carry the same scent
Whatever else he is he's perceptive
So his observation piqued my interest I
Found myself compelled to see you in the flesh
I found myself compelled to see you in the flesh
To see me in the flesh?
How stupid are you?
That's your big recruitment plan?
Kidnap me then vomit out some half-cock speech about taking down the sphere?
Why didn't you just come talk to me like a normal person?
Besides I don't need convincing because I'm already doing it
I'm gonna get back there
And then I'm gonna put my fist through every last one of those spherite assholes
But don't you dare pretend we're the same and don't drag the others into this too!
If I was
If I was a Living
I'd be using it for privilege
Bleed
Beed
They are all divine gifts, and they demand that everyone treat them as such.
Such virulent faith may seem strange to non-believers, but to the faithful it's normal, and to fight
against it is heresy.
Consence is not a bad thing inherently, but when it's designed by the corrupt, it's a
deadly poison to all those who imbibe it, consciously or not.
And from there it spreads, never knowing how consumed someone is until you commit heresy.
And while some are beyond saving, there is a way to instantly snap someone out of their
toxic delusion.
Shock their system.
Oh, no.
Such shocks can be very useful.
They force one's fundamental nature to the surface.
You understood because you experienced it.
Jabra gave you a shock when you met.
Ah.
That reminds me.
Jabra is meeting with someone right now who knows what he'll draw out of his opponent.
Assuming the shock doesn't prove too intense.
Or else he'll be crushed.
I should have seen this coming.
A mediocre man like me never stood a chance.
But seriously though, who is this asshole?
And why is he here?
I don't know.
But this guy just makes your day.
I don't have time for that.
You can't catch any smoke my ass.
I've seen plenty of fools who talk like that because they think it makes them sound cool.
The real ones, though, you can always spot them by how clear eyed they are.
Man, anywhere I go, it's the same shit.
An ordinary guy's got nothing against a natural talent.
But then again, that's what makes it so damn worth it!
Ah.
Gah!
I'm done.
I'm not going to let you get away with this.
Oh, still, let me cause!
Don't let this one kill you!
This gonna be spicy!
Oh, still, let me cause!
It's over.
Well, look at you!
I'm not done.
No way.
Not yet!
Until the day I prove myself,
I will not die!
You broke my damn rib!
You broke my rib and then you punched it!
Oh, you're a freaking Satan!
You're a fucking Satan!
No!
Let's go!
I know you had that dog in you!
That's the good stuff, man!
Give me more!
I've been giving it!
I don't do any of that holding back crap you were spouting
because I ain't a bitch like you!
So don't worry about it.
This mediocre stick slinger can handle you!
No!
Looks like you up and ran into my left claw.
I see.
When I'm in all-out mode like this, my left claws are packing my three most recent toxins.
Right now we got my numbing toxin, the one when you want to have a grand old time,
and the goopy gloopy one from earlier.
So, bet you wishin' it was shit, huh?
N That's hot hot !!
Sometimes the way you love I might do
Okay, we'll see you veryılı
Thank you.